DOCS-10588-SE-20224-remove-host-add-page-alias (#173)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/logs.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

:page-aliases: logs-using.adoc

*https://www.mulesoft.com/anypoint-pricing[Titanium Subscription Required]*

> In addition to logging through xref:runtime-manager::viewing-log-data.adoc[Runtime Manager], you can use Anypoint Monitoring to aggregate your log files so that you can manage, search for, filter, and analyze your logs. These features support:

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to logging through xref:runtime-manager::viewing-log-data.adoc[Runtime Manager], Anypoint Monitoring aggregates log files so you can manage, search for, filter, and analyze your logs. You can use aggregated logs in conjunction with monitoring to help identify issues and investigate failures quickly. These features support:
```

* Searches within the logs of a specific worker (or set of workers) for a Mule app so that you can narrow scope of issues to check.
* Sharing a snapshot of important logs with developers who can work on the source of the issue.

> Anypoint Monitoring aggregates log files so you can manage, search for,
> filter, and analyze your logs. You can use aggregated logs in conjunction with
> monitoring to help identify issues and investigate failures quickly.

Author: ```suggestion
```
